Terms of Service

Effective Date: June 9 2024

Welcome to Automatic Followers Bio Update! These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your use of our website and mobile application (collectively, “Service”). By accessing or using our Service, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree with these Terms, please do not use our Service.

1. Acceptance of Terms

By accessing or using our Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these Terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing the Service.

2. Changes to Terms

We may modify these Terms at any time, and we will provide notice of any significant changes by posting the new Terms on our website. Your continued use of the Service after any changes to the Terms signifies your acceptance of the new Terms.

3. Eligibility

You must be at least 13 years old to use our Service. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you meet this age requirement.

4. User Accounts

To access certain features of the Service, you may be required to create an account. You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information during the registration process and to update such information as necessary. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials and for all activities that occur under your account.

5. User Conduct

You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities:

	•	Violating any applicable laws or regulations.
	•	Infringing upon or violating our intellectual property rights or the rights of others.
	•	Uploading or transmitting viruses or other malicious code.
	•	Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with the Service.

6. Content

You retain ownership of any content you submit to the Service (“User Content”). By submitting User Content, you grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the User Content in connection with the Service.

7. Privacy

Your use of the Service is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which can be found at [Privacy Policy URL]. By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of your information as outlined in the Privacy Policy.

8. Termination

We reserve the right to terminate or suspend your account and access to the Service at our sole discretion, without notice or liability, for conduct that we believe violates these Terms or is harmful to other users of the Service, us, or third parties, or for any other reason.

9. Disclaimers

The Service is provided “as is” and “as available” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. We do not warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free, and we are not responsible for any issues or damages resulting from your use of the Service.

10. Limitation of Liability

To the maximum extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your use or inability to use the Service; (ii) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any personal information stored therein; (iii) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Service; (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like that may be transmitted to or through our Service by any third party; (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available through the Service; and/or (vi) the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party.

11. Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of qubuk, without regard to its conflict of law principles.
